h1. News List

*News List* is a jQuery plugin that transforms a simple HTML group of news items into an auto-cycling slideshow that can also be manipulated manually to show an individual item.

h2. Usage

First, include the jQuery library, @jquery.newslist.js@, @newslist.css@ in your @<head>@ tag:

<pre><code><link type="text/css" href="/css/newslist.css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen"/>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/js/jquery.newslist.js"></script></code></pre>

Then create a simple HTML structure like so:

<pre><code><div id="newslist">
  <div class="items">
    <div class="item">News item #1.</div>
    <div class="item">News item #2.</div>
    <div class="item">News item #3.</div>
    <div class="item">News item #4.</div>
  </div>
  <div class="controls"></div>
</div>
</code></pre>

Finish by calling the newslist function on the outermost element:

<pre><code><script type="text/javascript">
  $("#newslist").newslist();
</script>
</code></pre>

And huzzah, the magic is done.

h2. Options

* *itemsDiv*: the div containing the news items. Defaults to ".items".
* *item*: the class for the div containing an individual news item. Defaults to ".item".
* *controlsDiv*: the div where the control links for each news item will be created. Defaults to ".controls".
* *cycler*: is the auto-cycling of news items on? Defaults to "true".
* *hoverClass*: class for links that are active/on. Defaults to "on".
* *cycleSpeed*: how fast, in milliseconds, the news items should cycle. Defaults to "10000".
* *fadeSpeed*: how fast, in milliseconds, each new news item should fade in. Defaults to "1000".
* *maxLoops*: how many times all of the news items should loop. If null, will loop indefinitely. Defaults to "null".
* *leadZero*: should control links have a leading zero for numbers 1-9? Defaults to "false".